Refactor platform specific documentation into a common place (#4330)
microsoft/CCF: doc/audit/builtin_maps.rst

``nodes.code_ids``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Versions of the code allowed to join the current network on :doc:`SGX <../operations/platforms/sgx>`, or measurement of the UVM on :doc:`SNP <../operations/platforms/snp>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Versions of the code allowed to join the current network on :doc:`SGX <../operations/platforms/sgx>`, or measurement of the initial VM pages on :doc:`SNP <../operations/platforms/snp>`.
```

Author: Addressed both comments about what measurement means in https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/pull/4330/commits/5414843c99f4f9b082d5b470c4409c05422ff009
